Feat: Add automation script to generate component (#1039)
vtex/faststore: CONTRIBUTING.MD

}
```

### Creating Components on the `fastore/ui`

You can create "boilerplates files" for your new component using the following command:

- run `yarn generate`

```bash
# What is your component name?

ComponentName

#  What is your component atomic group?  (Use arrow keys)

> atoms
> molecules
> organisms
```

- It will automatically generate the files below:

```
✔  ++ faststore/packages/ui/src/atoms/ComponentName/ComponentName.tsx
✔  ++ faststore/packages/ui/src/atoms/ComponentName/index.tsx
✔  ++ faststore/themes/theme-b2c-tailwind/src/atoms/component-name.css
✔  ++ faststore/packages/ui/src/atoms/ComponentName/ComponentName.test.tsx
✔  ++ faststore/packages/ui/src/atoms/ComponentName/stories/ComponentName.stories.tsx
✔  ++ faststore/packages/ui/src/atoms/ComponentName/stories/ComponentName.mdx
✔  _+ faststore/packages/ui/src/index.ts
```

And that is it! You will be ready to work on your component. 🎉

> > For the component name, please follow CamelCase pattern, and do not use `-`, i.e., Component-Name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For the component name, please follow the Pascal Case pattern, and do not use `-`, i.e., Component-Name.
```

> > Please try to not edit // Atoms, // Molecules, // Organisms comments on `packages/ui/scr/index.ts` [file](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/blob/b1badead35dc43b41f25480a66f4e81cc9a8e22a/packages/ui/src/index.ts), because we are using it as [pattern](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/blob/443cbd117e34ea1702a2994ca4ad0b2733f17189/generators/plopfile.ts#L62) to update it. For more details, check [here](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/pull/1039).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please do not edit `// Atoms`, `// Molecules` and `// Organisms` comments on `packages/ui/scr/index.ts` [file](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/blob/b1badead35dc43b41f25480a66f4e81cc9a8e22a/packages/ui/src/index.ts), because we are using it as a [pattern](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/blob/443cbd117e34ea1702a2994ca4ad0b2733f17189/generators/plopfile.ts#L62) to update the file. For more details, check [here](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/pull/1039).
```
